life death takes us into a world of
faith
into a world of responsibility its
willingness to cross multiple boundaries
and borders there has this incredible
element of the demons which i think is
really mysterious it's really the story
of growing up north is no place for a
child who's not materials follows Lyra
Belacqua it's a 13 year old girl on an
epic journey in search of her kidnapped
friend she's the orphan village in
Jordan college and the only people that
she got in her life really are Hong Kong
Lord Asriel and her best friend Roger
just counts down 3-2 and on that journey
she discovers things about herself she
discovers things about her destiny and
she just covers things about the world
of issues even though it's like really
decorated with like fantasy and stuff
it's really the story of a child turning
into almond it's about growing up it is
a mystical fantastical scientific dark
exciting adventure I can't ask you to
trust us Lyra I can only hope we'll earn
your trust
His Dark Materials is set in a sort of
alternative version of our world but
it's a world that is not exactly the
same as ours in terms of technology and
all of those things it's this version of
the world where every human born is also
born with a demon which is basically
their soul but it lives on the outside
of their body and their soul takes an
animal form Lord Asriel demon decides to
settle eyes east snow leopards pretty
cool
it's a freedom as about a group of
people in different ways trying to go
about either freeing humanity or trying
to compress and oppress humanity
who will stand against me the
Magisterium are overpowering force they
run this particular world that you enter
into and their rules and restrictions by
which everyone has to follow they think
it's the original sin is wrong that
demons don't help they're a dark power
that took potentially what once was good
and is now a controlling centering
entity they are dictators they don't
seek to control movement they seek to
control how and why we think and that's
what makes them incredibly dangerous it
touches on life and death and love and
and growing up and losing people takes
us into a world of faith into a world of
responsibility and into a world where
magic and science and big ideas go exist
it's just a journey into what makes us
human meaning the nuance is just
spectacular in his about materials if a
nine-year-old watches that he's only
gonna see the adventure part but then
it's like her and I don't seize it
they're gonna see all of the layers this
willingness to cross multiple boundaries
and borders whether the ethical physical
spiritual it has this incredible element
of the demons which i think is winning
this
is quite intriguing for a lot of us